(Doc+) link videos for allocation and ilm (#116880)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/troubleshooting/diagnostic.asciidoc

This information can be used to troubleshoot problems with your cluster. For examples of issues that you can troubleshoot using Support Diagnostic tool output, refer to https://www.elastic.co/blog/why-does-elastic-support-keep-asking-for-diagnostic-files[the Elastic blog].

You can generate diagnostic information using this tool before you contact https://support.elastic.co[Elastic Support] or 

> https://discuss.elastic.co[Elastic Discuss] to minimize turnaround time. See this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bb6SaqhqYHw[Capture an {es} diagnostic video] for an example walkthrough.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://discuss.elastic.co[Elastic Discuss] to minimize turnaround time. 

See this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bb6SaqhqYHw[this video] for a walkthrough of capturing an {es} diagnostic.
```
